It turns out St. Petersburg compared to
Muscovites they spend more time in
Internet rather than Muscovites but it is very
relative and numbers it is clear that the numbers
taken on average but Petersburgers 40 one
minute 12 seconds average day exclude
38 minutes 4070 he doesn't seem much
I personally only watch videoblogger
I do not know an hour and a half well, again, when
I have time I take it away from sleep
late-late especially such bloggers
as our guest today is a pleasure
I represent Konstantin Zarutsky good
hello well they call you not only
Konstantinom infection Russian call you
also academician actually so
called your channel in orbits exactly in
comments they call me very
differently sometimes how bruce to voice is not
format for television did not break
a blogger is just like that 90 percent
Bloggers have become bloggers just well
what if you want to be a blogger for
money and fame you have nothing
will let us make it clear as
contemptuous than you do what you
highlight what you tell in what in
which plan in which was 8 one
screen all special cover under
which is already hiding the motor and he
is here at that depth that is
when you want to add oil you
open her shout horses
I saw down there must you answer
Kazatin here you are always looking for some
unusual approaches to the car from
undertake such ideas ideas come from
spontaneously we have no script but the main
the bottom line is that the perfect auto reviewer and
there may be a test driver before the set of kuga on
due in the four hours he has
car do so he must
see what the host sees for three
years and look very quickly
tricky actually here of the so -called
as you voiced reviewers now in
There are a lot of trees in the Internet
up men and women and old people and children
little they all talk about
cars you chose your such
branded chip you do it with
so peculiar to you you are a petersburger
root yes now I feel that root
such Petersburg
the mayor is present is present
from cartoons, that's when you realized that
precisely need so serve the viewer or you
still in creative search i
naturally creative in creative
searching but the original concept is
Was still before I was shooting about
cars I mean cars
I treat condescendingly that is so
know a man who is 10 years old on one
Transportation vehicles he already knows it all
you recognize the wheel is wrong through the button
years you have a driver's license with
how many years but it is now
calculating the age of the same nobody
knows and this is a secret yes ok well here
literally hasan 2 seconds to say what
blogging is also beautiful
earnings to interest
To be precise, it's beautiful
earning on you for this need
spend years two i have been doing this
about two years already drove 100 s
over thousands of subscribers yes somewhere out there
130 Well this is how much you can earn so
the quality of the record is our earnings
happened in December of this year, it
about seventy-five thousand rubles a
January there was a collapse crisis and in January
we will have to talk about
what happened in January tell me you never
did not think here for example to do a review on
towel yes yes you look now
just look at the plot of our colleague
Maxim Rusanov, he just makes you
tests doing reviews on the towel
lost time let's see how to do it
right and then you just judge
interest to choose towels only for
soft and comfortable terry towel
takes over quality time has no power
Well, we have such reviews do it on
channel St. Petersburg is wonderful
really max thanks so much
constantin you the question is clear that the guy
it is clear that the machines are all around the machines
me all my life around the car to me this
very interesting but was there ever
when such a fantastic idea that not
know on doing reviews on the pillow
a heap on flowers something
Exactly the perfect reviewer
can make a review on a black screen and
people will watch it 40 minutes but in
of this understanding, the bear went under the format
maybe we need search queries that
people are more likely to search if you want
popularity are considering what
popular if tomorrow will be popular
I consider everything from a pillow only
pillows cushions
learn and always because we are n’t
money with them definitely must be forced
meet the popular your head well not
in youtube popular if we have a theme here
they chose to their liking
pillows if you want popularity you
need to do what is trend and you need
do it well one simple rule
you do not need any advertising you should do
interesting video all topic any for
for this you need some kind of super
video camera for this you need there type
the breather to hang something under it
mobile phone camera text
which but which will be a little bit
to orient a person who will
tell me you need to remove one step
about which stumble in a hundred percent
people and where am i if you have it
you have access to any horizon if you have
she is not going to save you
millions of dollars not production not pro
nobody you need youtube this yet
place to constantin ideas
that's what I want to go as a result
because well here are reviews reviews reviews
review that's what's next how's what
desire further and do nothing
make a lot of money gets it all
free enjoy life build
house family quite simple desire
then daggers then it can be done as
virtually none because therefore you
do normal is the enemies sense in
lack of meaning
if in fact we thank you for
that you today will come to
always it always says to everyone
that you are very good
Petersburg guy who is with good
sense of humor go online
comes into the TV and to all
Petersburgers and I think you will
more than 130 thousand subscribers to
youtube thanks thank you i know thank you
great well here are our colleagues alexeyeva
there is no blog yet but it’s a whole
of the day